<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>List of Illustrations</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="backmatter">
		<nav id="loi" epub:type="loi">
			<h2 epub:type="title">List of Illustrations</h2>
			<ol>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="chapter-3.xhtml#illustration-1">Chart of the <i epub:type="se:name.vessel.ship">Spray</i>’s course around the world⁠—April 24, 1895, to July 3, 1898</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="chapter-3.xhtml#illustration-2">Chart of the <i epub:type="se:name.vessel.ship">Spray</i>’s Atlantic voyages from Boston to Gibraltar, thence to the Strait of Magellan, in 1895, and finally homeward bound from the Cape of Good Hope in 1898.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="chapter-7.xhtml#illustration-3">The course of the <i epub:type="se:name.vessel.ship">Spray</i> through the Strait of Magellan.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="chapter-12.xhtml#illustration-4">The <i epub:type="se:name.vessel.ship">Spray</i>’s course from the Strait of Magellan to Torres Strait.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="chapter-12.xhtml#illustration-5">Chart of the <i epub:type="se:name.vessel.ship">Spray</i>’s course from Australia to South Africa.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="appendix.xhtml#illustration-6">Plan of the after cabin of the Spray.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="appendix.xhtml#illustration-7">Deck-plan of the Spray.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="appendix.xhtml#illustration-8">Sail-Plan of the Spray The solid lines represent the sail-plan of the Spray on starting for the long voyage. With it she crossed the Atlantic to Gibraltar, and then crossed again southwest to Brazil. In South American waters the bowsprit and boom were shortened and the jigger-sail added to form the yawl-rig with which the rest of the trip was made, the sail-plan of which is indicated by the dotted lines The extreme sail forward is a flying jib occasionally used, set to a bamboo stick fastened to the bowsprit. The manner of setting and bracing the jiggermast is not indicated in this drawing, but may be partly observed in the plans on pages 287 and 289.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="appendix.xhtml#illustration-9">Steering-gear of the Spray. The dotted lines are the ropes used to lash the wheel. In practice the loose ends were belayed, one over the other, around the top spokes of the wheel.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="appendix.xhtml#illustration-10">Body-plan of the Spray.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="appendix.xhtml#illustration-11">Lines of the Spray.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
			</ol>
		</nav>
	</body>
</html>
